In this article, the development of the female breast, as well as the functional anatomy, blood supply, innervation and lymphatic drainage are described. A thorough understanding of the breast anatomy is an important adjunct to a meticulous clinical breast examination. Breast examination is a complex skill involving key maneuvers, including careful inspection and palpation. Clinical breast examination can provide an opportunity for the clinician to educate patients about their breast and about breast cancer, its symptoms, risk factors, early detection, and normal breast composition, and specifically variability. Clinical breast examination can help to detect some cancers not found by mammography, and clinicians should not override their examination findings if imaging is not supportive of the physical findings.
Breast shape malformations are deformities of the breast contour involving the inferior breast pole. They range from minor forms such as a high submammary fold to major forms such as the tubular breast. The malformation implies an altered relationship between the mammary parenchyma and the superficial fascial system (SFS). The surgical correction consists of the releasing of the gland from all the connections with the surrounding tissues. In some cases, once the glandular tissue is freed from the constricting SFS, the parenchyma spreads revealing a sufficient volume to obtain a normal breast. If hypoplasia of the breast or inferior quadrant hypoplasia is present, the use of an implant is mandatory.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of changes to a patient's prandial status, metabolic status (rest vs. exercise), and peripheral blood flow (via caffeine or warming) on the uptake of (99m) Tc-sestamibi in breast tissue. METHODS: A total of 154 subjects participated in 1 of 4 study groups that evaluated the effects of 4 types of intervention on the uptake of (99m) Tc-sestamibi in breast tissue (effect of fasting, light exercise, caffeine, and peripheral warming). Molecular breast imaging was performed before and after each intervention. Count density was assessed in counts / cm (2) / MBq from the mediolateral oblique view in all studies. RESULTS: Uptake of (99m) Tc-sestamibi in breast tissue increased by approximately 25 % from 6. 6 counts / cm (2) / MBq in the fed state to 8. 3 counts / cm (2) / MBq with fasting. Peripheral warming also resulted in an approximately 20 % increase in count density from 9. 1 to 10. 9 counts / cm (2) / MBq. Conversely, exercise caused a 35 % drop in count density relative to the resting state. Uptake did not seem to be influenced by caffeine and did not correlate with a patient's height, weight, or breast thickness. There was only a weak correlation between breast activity and body surface area. CONCLUSION: The combined effects of fasting and warming resulted in an approximately 50 % increased uptake of (99m) Tc-sestamibi in breast tissue relative to that observed in a reference group to whom no preparatory instructions had been given. Optimal patient preparation before administration of (99m) Tc-sestamibi should permit a corresponding reduction in either acquisition time or required dose of (99m) Tc-sestamibi.
The article presents a modern approach to planning augmentation mammoplasty of breast asymmetries. The preoperative planning includes anthropomorphic measurements to assess the breast anatomy; selection of suitable implants based on mathematical calculations; choice of operative technique that best suits the individual characteristics of the patient. Preoperative planning was done in 220 cases of women with breast asymmetries requesting augmentation mammoplasty during the period 2000-2011. Augmentation alone, augmentation with simultaneous mastopexy, and augmentation with reconstruction of the breast base are performed. The postoperative results obtained shape, volume and symmetry, are monitored during regular postoperative examinations. The significance of preoperative planning in augmentation mammoplasty of breast asymmetries is discussed.
BACKGROUND: Transposing the nipple-areola complex is a challenge at reduction mammaplasties, particularly when the distance between the sites is big and great amount of breast tissue has to be removed. Many techniques are used, all have to fulfill the following conditions: the blood supply and sensation of the nipple have to be preserved and closure must be tension-free. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate how the superomedial pedicle for nipple transposition fulfills the above requirements. METHOD: Fifteen reduction mammaplasties performed in this way (resection weight: 435 g / breast), postoperative patient examinations with emphasis on sensation. RESULTS: Nipple viability was good without necrosis, retaining sensation was also good with no loss of sensation. CONCLUSION: The technique is safe, giving good cosmetic results.
A 61 year-old post-menopausal Caucasian woman presented to the pharmacy to re-initiate hormone therapy after having discontinued treatment for three years. She had discontinued previous hormone therapy due to severe hyperpigmentation of both nipples and areola. She stated that her nipples and areola had turned black, as if they had been burned. This reaction seemed unique, and we felt that it warranted further investigation.
Os subtibiale is a rare accessory ossicle located at the tip of the medial malleolus. Although this small ossicle usually has no clinical significance, in some cases it may be a source of ankle pain. Symptomatic os subtibiale is an extremely rare diagnosis, and few cases have been reported to date. The case presented is of a 35-year-old female patient with symptomatic os subtibiale, with a discussion of the diagnosis, clinical findings, and treatment options.
Ultrasonography was used to measure pennation angle and electromyography (EMG) to record muscle activity of the human tibialis anterior (TA), lateral gastrocnemius (LG), medial gastrocnemius (MG), and soleus (SOL) muscles during graded isometric ankle plantar and dorsiflexion contractions done on a Biodex dynamometer. Data from 8 male and 8 female subjects were collected in increments of approximately 25 % of maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) ranging from rest to MVC. A significant positive linear relationship (p < 0. 05) between normalized EMG and pennation angle for all muscles was observed when subject specific pennation angles at rest and MVC were included in the analysis. These were included to account for gender differences and inter-subject variability in pennation angle. The coefficient of determination, R (2), ranged between 0. 76 for the TA and 0. 87 for the SOL. The EMG-pennation angle relationships have ramifications for use in EMG-driven models of muscle force. The regression equations can be used to characterize fiber pennation angle more accurately and to determine how it changes with contraction intensity, thus providing improved estimates of muscle force when using musculoskeletal models.
Peripheral gangrene with disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) during severe Plasmodium falciparum malaria has already been described but is unfrequent. We report here the case of a 62-year-old man admitted in the intensive care unit of our hospital for severe Plasmodium falciparum malaria with disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and peripheral gangrene of his toes that needed amputation. Pathophysiological mechanisms leading to DIC in malaria can be used as a model to explain the relation between coagulation and inflammation. Therapeutic targeting of coagulation, by acting on inflammation, could be useful to limit the coagulation-inflammation cycle.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the feasibility of the anterolateral thigh free flap with the oblique branch in reconstructing the soft tissue defects of lower extremity. METHODS: Between June 2009 and February 2013, 12 patients (including 7 males and 5 females) with soft tissue defects of lower extremity were treated with the anterolateral thigh free flap with the oblique branch, aged from 8 to 42 years (median, 32 years). The locations of soft tissue defect were the dorsum of the foot in 5 cases, the ankle and foot in 4 cases, the lower leg in 2 cases, and the distal foot in 1 case. All defects were associated with exposure of tendon and bone. The size of the wound was from 15 cm x 7 cm to 27 cm x 12 cm. The interval of injury and operation was 1 to 7 days (mean, 3. 7 days). The anterolateral thigh flap was pedicled with only the oblique branch in 7 patients, and with the both descending branch and oblique branch in 5 patients, and the size of flap was from 17 cm x 9 cm to 30 cm x 15 cm. The donor sites were repaired by suture in 3 patients, and by skin graft in 9 patients. RESULTS: Distal skin flap necrosis occurred in 1 case, and was cured after dressing change and skin graft. The other flaps survived, and the donor site healed primarily. The follow-up time was from 10 months to 2 years (mean, 18 months). Thinning operation was performed in 3 cases, and the other flaps recovered pain and warm sensation with good appearance. CONCLUSION: It is a safe and effective method to reconstruct soft tissue defects of the lower extremity with the anterolateral thigh flap pedicled with the oblique branch.
Many traumatic foot injuries can be adequately managed clinically without the use of imaging, even in the presence of metatarsal or phalangeal fractures. However, plain radiographs remain the first-line investigation for traumatic injury to the foot.
PURPOSE: Popular running magazines and running shoe companies advise using the shape of the weight-bearing plantar surface of the foot as a basis for selecting a proper type of running shoe to reduce injury risk. The imprint is assumed to reflect the height of the medial longitudinal arch (MLA). This study examined the assumption that plantar surface morphology was a surrogate for height of the MLA. METHODS: Recruits (n = 3968) entering US Army Basic Combat Training had their plantar foot surfaces assessed visually as low, normal, or high by two raters who viewed imprints of the plantar foot surface. Actual arch height was measured with calipers as distance from the standing surface to the inferior medial border of the navicular tuberosity. Measured MLA heights were compared with plantar surface imprints to evaluate the effectiveness of visual inspection as a means of arch height classification. RESULTS: For the right foot, individuals with low, normal, or high plantar shapes had a mean + /-SD arch height of 33. 5 + /-6. 8, 40. 4 + /-7. 2, and 43. 1 + /-7. 3 mm, respectively (ANOVA, P < 0. 01); however, the individuals'measured MLA heights fell into the corresponding plantar shape percentiles (low, normal, high) only 65 % of the time. Increased body mass index (BMI) decreased correct assessment of the MLA. CONCLUSIONS: Visual assessment of indicating progressively higher plantar shapes corresponded to progressively higher average differences in measured arch heights; nonetheless, there was considerable overlap among the three plantar shapes with 35 % of plantar shapes being misclassified compared with measured arch height, especially among individuals with higher BMI.
The modern human foot can be viewed as the basic prehensile grasping foot of humans'arboreal ancestors, modified by the need for a propulsive lever to serve bipedal walking. The structure of the human foot serves its function remarkably well. However, in spite of its evolutionary success, the foot remains susceptible to clinical disorders that can be related to its development from nonhuman ancestors. An understanding of the evolution of the foot offers a different perspective on some common human foot disorders, and can provide a framework for planning the treatment of those disorders.
Nerve injuries in the upper extremity can result in severe disability. In the past three decades, progress in microsurgical techniques and instruments have resulted in improved outcomes for nerve injuries. If the prognosis is reasonably good, nerve repair is usually preferred over tendon or flap transfer procedures. However, lesions of peripheral stem nerves such as high radial nerve palsy may still yield unsatisfactory results, despite technically well-executed nerve repair. Prognosis further depends on the age of the patient; the regenerative process is delayed in older patients. Further criteria for the indication for tendon transfers are the personal and professional profiles of individual patients. Tendon or flap transfers to restore sensation can be performed at any time post trauma when it becomes clear that long-term rehabilitation is required. These procedures abbreviate the interval during which hand function is severely impaired, so that patients have alternatives to persistent nerve palsy with the need of permanent external splints, and long and costly rehabilitation can be shortened. Sophisticated techniques allow minimal donor site morbidity and leave options open in case function of the reconstructed nerve returns. The present article gives an overview of the most common procedures to restore hand function and sensation in the most important digits and provides help for decision making.
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to analyze the acute effects of isolated or simultaneously applied whole-body vibration (WBV) and electromyostimulation (ES) on the popliteal arterial blood velocity and skin temperature (ST) of the calf. METHODS: Thirteen healthy males were assessed in five different sessions. After a familiarization session, four interventions were applied in random order; WBV, ES, simultaneous WBV and ES (WBV + ES), and 30 s of WBV followed by 30 s of ES (WBV30 / ES30). Each intervention consisted of 10 sets x 1 min ON + 1 min OFF. The subject was standing on the vibration platform (squat position, 30 degrees knee flexion, 26 Hz, 5 mm peak-to-peak), and ES was applied on the gastrocnemius of both the legs (8 Hz, 400 micros). RESULTS: The WBV + ES intervention was the only one that maintained the mean blood velocity (MBV) elevated above baseline during the 10 sets, from set-1 (134. 6 % p < 0. 01) to set-10 (112. 6 % p < 0. 05). The combined interventions were the only ones that maintained the peak blood velocity (PBV) elevated above baseline during all the sets, from set-1 (113. 5 % p < 0. 001) to set-10 (88. 8 % p < 0. 01) and from set-1 (58. 4 % p < 0. 01) to set-10 (49. 1 % p < 0. 05) for WBV + ES and WBV30 / ES30, respectively. CONCLUSION: The simultaneous application of WBV and ES produced a general greater increase in MBV and PBV than the application of each method alone or consecutive. This novel methodological proposal could be interesting in different fields such as sports or the rehabilitation process of different pathologies, to achieve an enhanced peripheral blood flow.
The anatomical relationship between the saphenous veins and cutaneous nerves was investigated in 148 lower limbs of 74 cadavers in order to re-examine the stripping technique for treatment of varicose veins. The great saphenous vein frequently ran intimately along the saphenous nerve (59. 5 % in the middle third and 83. 1 % in the lower third of the leg) in the leg region. More than half of the latter cases showed an adhesive relationship in which the perineurium of the saphenous nerve was seen histologically to be attached to the adventitia of the vein. Moreover, in the thigh region as well, the great saphenous vein had an intimate relationship with the cutaneous nerves of various origin. In contrast, the small saphenous vein was often located close to the cutaneous nerves of the calf like the sural nerve. However, the adhesive relation between the small saphenous vein and nerves was rarely observed, in contrast to the case of the great saphenous vein. From these results, the anatomical relationship between the superficial vein and nerve in the lower limb were characterized according to each part of the lower limb. Based on our observations, limited extraction of the vein was recommended to reduce the risk of nerve injury during the stripping operation.
BACKGROUND: The anterolateral thigh (ALT) flap has been used in upper extremity reconstruction. However, there is no consensus about the age at which the flap can be used safely, which is a concern when applying ALT flaps for upper extremity reconstruction in older patients. We present the results of the use of ALT flap for upper extremity reconstruction in a series of older patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Seventeen patients who underwent ALT flaps for soft tissue defects in the upper extremities from 2010 to 2020 were included. The patients'mean age was 63. 5 (range, 26-83) years. Ten of seventeen patients were smokers. Defect locations were the dorsum of the hand in seven patients, palm in two patients, dorsum and palm in two patients, and forearm in six patients. Etiologies of the defect were traumatic in 14 patients and malignant tumor in three patients. The defect size was 8 to 25 x 5 to 11 cm. When dissecting the perforators, we preserved the surrounding small muscular and fatty tissue with the perforators and to harvest them together to prevent intima damage. Flap thinning was performed for 16 flaps to adjust the flap thickness to match defect site requirements. We used an end-to-side or interposition arterial anastomosis to regulate the blood flow. RESULTS: The flap size was 9 to 28 x 5 to 13 cm. One patient had venous congestion and vein re-anastomosis was needed. All flaps survived. One patient had a methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection and debridement and irrigation was needed. The mean follow-up period was 20 (range, 13-37) months. Fifteen patients returned their previous activities. The mean DASH score was 30. 6 (range, 3-70). CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of patient age or smoking status, the ALT flap was a safe and reliable surgical option for soft tissue defect reconstruction of the upper extremity.
Aim of the study was to compare perforator vessel location using color-coded Doppler ultrasound and hyperspectral imaging in the area of the antero-lateral thigh. In a cross-sectional case-control study, the bilateral antero-lateral thigh region was examined for perforator vessel location via color-coded Doppler ultrasound (control) and hyperspectral imaging (test). For hyperspectral imaging, all measurements were conducted without cooling (T0) and after 1 (T1), 2 (T2) and 3 min (T3) of cooling. Additionally, in the reperfusion period after cooling, hyperspectral imaging was conducted at 1, 2 and 3 min (T4 / T5 / T6). Results from color-coded Doppler ultrasound and hyperspectral imaging were matched at all time points (T0-T6). In total, 71 / 73 perforator vessel locations could be matched (sensitivity: 97 %). Matching of color-coded Doppler ultrasound and hyperspectral imaging was significantly influenced by the cooling protocol and the highest matching values were seen at T3 (3 min cooling; 60 perforator vessels) and T4 (3 min cooling & 1 min reperfusion; 62 perforator vessels) without significant differences (sensitivity 98 %; p = 0. 9). There were significant differences between T4 and T0, T1 (both p < 0. 001), T5 (p = 0. 045) and T6 (p = 0. 012). For clinical proof of concept, a patient case using a free antero-lateral thigh flap for reconstruction of a facial defect after perforator vessel identification via color-coded Doppler ultrasound and hyperspectral imaging (3 min cooling & 1 min reperfusion) was carried out successfully. In conclusion, hyperspectral imaging potentially offers an additional opportunity for non-invasive, user-independent perforator-site assessment if prior cooling of the site is conducted.
BACKGROUND: The anterolateral thigh flap is known for variations of its vascular pedicle. This is a prospective intraoperative analysis of the vascular anatomy of the lateral thigh that focuses on clinically important variations that impact flap harvest. METHODS: Eighty-nine consecutive anterolateral thigh flaps were harvested. A detailed intraoperative analysis was performed of the vasculature anatomy and variations of the pedicle encountered during dissection. RESULTS: Fasciocutaneous flaps were harvested in 82 percent (73 of 89) and myocutaneous flaps were harvested in 17 percent of cases (15 of 89). Sizable perforators were absent in 1 percent of the cases (one of 89). A mean of 1. 9 sizable cutaneous vessels were identified. Musculocutaneous perforators were noted in 85 percent of cases and septocutaneous vessels were seen in 15 percent. Most septocutaneous vessels were located in the proximal thigh. In the midpoint of the thigh, musculocutaneous perforators predominate. Those located within 1 cm of the septum characteristically have a short, direct intramuscular course. In contrast, those located more laterally and distally in the thigh characteristically have a tortuous intramuscular course. An oblique branch of the lateral circumflex femoral artery was noted to be present in 35 percent of cases (31 of 88), and the dominant perforator supplying the anterolateral thigh was noted to originate from this branch in 14 percent of cases (12 of 88). CONCLUSIONS: This study further clarified the vascular pedicle anatomy of the anterolateral thigh. The existence of the oblique branch of the lateral circumflex femoral artery in a proportion of patients and its reliability when used as the flap pedicle were demonstrated.
We used computerized simulations with 3-dimensional models of 20 cadaver femora, calculated from computed tomographic scans, and a model of a rod measuring 200 x 5 mm to study femoral alignment accuracy for unicompartmental knee arthroplasty via minimally invasive reconstruction. The anatomical axis and insertion site were identified on each femur. A simulation of all feasible flexion-extension and varus-valgus orientations was performed. The average rod orientation was 3. 2 degrees flexion and 2. 5 degrees valgus. The range of orientation was 3. 2 degrees extension to 9. 7 degrees flexion and 4. 5 degrees varus to 8. 9 degrees valgus. The study suggests that a short narrow intramedullary rod inserted according to the manufacturer's specifications does not accurately find the anatomical axis and may lead to poor alignment of the femoral prosthesis. Given our finding of consistent bias toward excessive flexion and valgus alignment, we recommend that the operating surgeon carefully plan the insertion point of the intramedullary rod during surgery to compensate for this bias.
1. Stimulation of the cervical dorsal columns excited an average of nine knee joint fibres in the cat posterior articular nerve, eleven fibres in the cat medial articular nerve and thirteen fibres in the monkey posterior articular nerve. 2. Joint fibres projecting to cervical levels were shown to be rapidly adapting by recording with micro-electrodes from single fibres in intact cat posterior articular nerves. The numerous slowly adapting fibres could not be antidromically excited from the cervical dorsal columns. 3. Several control experiments suggested that the antidromic stimulation method accurately defined the dorsal column projection of joint fibres.
A 58 year old female patient underwent an intervention of phlebectomy below the knee. The patient gradually developed a severe neurological event and the Glasgow Coma Score decreased dramatically. After two and a half hours from onset, general conditions gradually improved and recovered completely. Lidocaine neurotoxicity was excluded. A right side motor deficit strongly suggests a transient ischaemic attack. As to invasivity, phlebectomy can be compared with liquid and foam sclerotherapy so that the simple question arises of also comparing their adverse effects. We have the strong conviction that this case may only be a co-incidental association.
Measurements are useful in the radiologic evaluation of the hand. They permit an objective evaluation of subtle alterations in the relative lengths of hand bones, which may be useful in the diagnosis of many congenital malformation syndromes. Evaluation of width of the carpus can be useful in the evaluation of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis as well as many bone dysplasias. Carpal angle measures, the relative position of the distal radius and ulna, as well as cortical measures of the second metacarpal have many clinical applications.
The word Doppler is used synonymously in hand surgery for evaluating patency of vascular structures; however, the science and history behind the Doppler effect are not as well-known. We will present the theories behind the Doppler effect and the history of the person who made this discovery.
Ultrasound evaluation of the axilla plays a critical role in the setting of newly diagnosed breast cancer as surgical management evolves toward more targeted axillary nodal resection. Regional nodal involvement by metastatic carcinoma is one of most important prognostic factors in breast cancer and guides local, regional, and systemic treatment. Ultrasound also evaluates response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy. This article will review ultrasound techniques and the anatomy and the morphology of axillary lymph nodes. Lymph node staging in breast cancer will also be discussed. Ultrasound-guided interventions and localizations and emerging technologies of elastography and contrast-enhanced ultrasound will be discussed. In addition, this article will discuss the role of ultrasound as it applies to management of the axilla since the American College of Surgeons Oncology Group Z011 and Z1071 trials. Finally, other causes of benign and malignant axillary lymphadenopathy, not related to breast cancer, are discussed.
OBJECTIVE: Identify the axillopectoral muscle (usually called Langer's axillary arch) and know the main surgical techniques of axillary sentinel node biopsies. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We present the results of our five-year clinical prospective study: the presence of this anomaly is diagnosed peroperatively during a sentinel node biopsy. RESULTS: Langer's arch is identified in 1, 7 %, often with an unilateral distribution. Lymph nodes are just near or behind the muscle. Sentinel node biopsy dissection is difficult in about 40 %. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: The embryological derivation and anatomical features of this muscle are described, with emphasis on the surgical applications. Its presence or absence should be ascertained in every sentinel node biopsy because of the risks of axillary dissection complications by this ectopic muscle.
Our understanding of muscle, fascia, and skin flap physiology is based largely on data obtained from rodent, rabbit, or canine models. The presence of a well-developed panniculus carnosus confounds the extrapolation of data from these animals to humans. This study attempted to define microsurgically applicable musculocutaneous and fasciocutaneous flaps in the pig that would be comparable to flaps commonly used in humans. Lead oxide was injected into each axillary artery of three standard white domestic swine. Gross dissection and radiographic studies were used to define the specific anatomic fasciocutaneous territory served by the branches of the circumflex scapular artery. Eight musculocutaneous flaps based on the thoracodorsal artery and eight fasciocutaneous flaps based on the circumflex scapular artery were elevated. Although all flaps survived in their entirety, the fasciocutaneous flaps did not, as in man, have an easily dissectable axial blood supply. This finding suggests that the porcine scapular fasciocutaneous flap, although reliable as a pedicled flap, is difficult to employ as a free tissue transfer.
The midface is an important new area in facial rejuvenation. Rejuvenation of the midface is necessary to achieve harmonious rejuvenation of the face. The extent of lift " to be achieved with midfacial elevation is very limited. Excessive elevation of midfacial tissues results in vertical shortening of the lower eyelid, round eye deformity, and ectropion. In patients with previous blepharoplasty or midfacelifts, minimal or no tissue can be resected. Instead, any midfacial advancement achieved is required to reconstruct the lower eyelid form and allow a canthoplasty or canthopexy to heal without undue downward traction on the repair. The surgeon must elevate the midface tissue in a very limited, safe fashion. Many current approaches to midfacial rejuvenation exist in a number of anatomic planes, with several fixation techniques. Some surgical approaches, such as surgery in a suborbicularis plane, may be inherently safer than others. Aesthetic micromanagement of the lower eyelid position and orbicularis muscle is possible. A useful test for assessing the amount of available midfacial tissue is provided. "
BACKGROUND: Facial aging in the midface reflects cumulative results of multiple intrinsic and extrinsic factors over time. Midfacial rejuvenation procedures can make a positive impact on facial attractiveness and patient satisfaction. OBJECTIVE: To review evidence and clinical experience using combination treatments for midfacial rejuvenation to achieve optimal outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This article provides a review of published scientific evidence supporting the use of combination therapy in midfacial rejuvenation. In addition, the authors share their cumulative clinical experience and best practices for combination treatments in the midface. RESULTS: Clinical experience and evidence shows that combining multiple aesthetic therapies targeting multiple aspects of the aging process provides optimal results, with greater overall efficacy and a higher level of patient satisfaction.
In this paper, we present a novel method to super-resolve and recover the facial depth map nicely. The key idea is to exploit the exemplar-based method to obtain the reliable face priors from high-quality facial depth map to improve the depth image. Specifically, a new neighbor embedding (NE) framework is designed for face prior learning and depth map reconstruction. First, face components are decomposed to form specialized dictionaries and then reconstructed, respectively. Joint features, i. e., low-level depth, intensity cues and high-level position cues, are put forward for robust patch similarity measurement. The NE results are used to obtain the face priors of facial structures and smooth maps, which are then combined in an uniform optimization framework to recover high-quality facial depth maps. Finally, an edge enhancement process is implemented to estimate the final high resolution depth map. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method compared to state-of-the-art depth map super-resolution techniques on both synthetic data and real-world data from Kinect.
Rhinoplasty remains one of the most challenging aesthetic procedures to master. Astute surgeons must consider a continually evolving societal perception of beauty with their own sense of aesthetic proportion when planning surgical intervention. Optimal results are achieved when the outcome is anticipated and satisfying to patient and surgeon. This requires a careful, thoughtful, systematic approach to preoperative analysis. Patients should leave with a clear understanding of the surgeon's perspective of their nose, aesthetically and anatomically. Understanding the interplay of surface deformities and their underlying anatomic counterpart is critical, involving a systematic analysis to create a surgical plan that avoids landmines leading to a suboptimal result.
BACKGROUND: The restoration of a natural volume distribution is a major goal in facial rejuvenation. The aims of this study were to establish a radiographic method enabling effective measurements of the midfacial fat compartments and to compare the anatomy between human cadavers of younger versus older age. METHODS: Data from computed tomographic scans of 12 nonfixed cadaver heads, divided into two age groups (group 1, 54 to 75 years, n = 6; and group 2, 75 to 104 years, n = 6), were analyzed. For evaluation of the volume distribution within a specific compartment, the sagittal diameter of the upper, middle, and lower thirds of each compartment was determined. For evaluation of a sagging " of the compartments, the distance between the cephalad border and the infraorbital rim was determined. RESULTS: Computed tomography enables a reproducible depiction of the facial fat compartments and reveals aging changes. The distance between the fat compartments and the infraorbital rim was higher in group 2 compared with group 1. The sagittal diameter of the lower third of the compartments was higher, and the sagittal diameter of the upper third was smaller in group 2 compared with group 1. The buccal extension of the buccal fat pad was shown to be an independent, separate compartment. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an inferior migration of the midfacial fat compartments and an inferior volume shift within the compartments during aging. Additional distinct compartment-specific changes (e. g., volume loss of the deep medial cheek fat and buccal extension of the buccal fat pad) contribute to the appearance of the aged face. "
BACKGROUND: Monitoring replanted digits remains a challenging task in microsurgical units. Previous studies have indicated the perfusion index (PI), a parameter directly proportional to the blood flow, might be a useful tool. OBJECTIVE: The PI is evaluated as a monitoring tool in patients with replanted digits. METHODS: This prospective, non-interventional study includes 31 patients with revascularized or replanted digits. After successful revascularization or replantation, the PI and peripheral oxygen saturation of the affected finger and its contralateral equivalent were measured simultaneously. The values were detected by the device Radical-97 (R) Pulse CO-Oximeter (R) (Masimo Corporation, 52 Discovery, Irvine, CA 92618, USA). RESULTS: The median PI of affected fingers was 3. 5 + /-0. 56 for revascularized and 2. 2 + /-0. 8 for replanted fingers. The difference between the PI values of replanted digits and the healthy contralateral side was highly significant (p < 0. 0001). The area under the curve in the receiver operating characteristics was 0. 92 for a PI difference > 80. 49 % and predicted a loss of replant with a specificity of 100 % and a sensitivity of 75 %. CONCLUSION: The assessment of the PI in patients with reperfusion of a vascular compromised digit is a useful tool to continuously monitor peripheral perfusion. The dynamic behavior of the PI is essential to detect perfusion disturbance.
Because the chin, like the nose, occupies a prominent position in the face, it must also be assessed in planning any changes in the facial profile. For example, a large nose associated with a microgenia does not appear as large when the chin is augmented. A chin increased in the vertical dimension confers an excessively long appearance to the face. Finally, a microgenia is associated with the stereotype of a sluggish personality, and a large chin in women connotes a masculine personality. The authors provide guidelines for assessing these variables and including them in surgical plan.
We treated 3 patients who had ruptured the flexor pollicis longus (FPL) tendon during infancy and which had not been repaired. A two-stage surgical procedure, using a silicone rod, was performed to reconstruct the tendon, and favorable thumb flexion was obtained. A favorable outcome was obtained, even if the gliding of the silicone rod had been poor after the first stage procedure. When the scar of the tendon sheath is available, it should be used as a pulley. When the tendon sheath has completely disappeared, it should be reconstructed. At the second stage of surgery, the flexor digitorum superficialis muscle of the injured finger can be used as a motor source when the muscle is conserved in good condition because its distal stump adheres to the bone. If the muscle is not in good condition, transfer of the flexor digitorum superficialis muscle of the ring finger should be performed.
Since 1983, we have used free dorsal pedal flaps with m. extensor hallucis brevis for two patients with serious thenar defects to restore their thumb function. The results were satisfactory, as most of oponens function was restored, however the power of the thumbs was inadequate. Functional restoration of the thumb after the loss of thenar muscles involves many aspects of microsurgery. This article discusses only the dissection of the muscle, the orientation of transferred muscle, etc.